hey fireman sam friends would you like
to come with me
and open some surprise eggs it's
blocking the road today I think we
should do this let's go
let's see what's blocking the road come
with me come down here we got yellow
eggs red eggs orange eggs green eggs
let's see what's inside
in the yellow egg
we've got a train he's got number five
on him do you know his name in the pink
egg we got a squirrel with a Christmas
hat on I think it's from kinder surprise
the orange we got Hello Kitty what's in
the red egg we got a yellow car how cool
what's in the pink egg we got more Hello
Kitty stuff how cool is that what's in
the Green Egg it's Peppa Pig what's in
the red egg it's Thomas the Tank Engine
number one Thomas we've got spider-man
in the yellow egg
Worf in the green egg we got two fluffy
little bunnies from Kinder Surprise what
do we have in the blue egg I think it's
a train it's a train it's Mavis from
Thomas and Friends
we got another pink egg which has got a
spin top in it let's spin it walks in
the red egg it's another Hello Kitty a
head now we've opened all the surprise
eggs Thomas is gonna take us to have a
closer look and see what they all look
like
come on fireman sam Wow
look a fireman sam i'm looking you got a
squirrel hello kitty Peppa Pig Thomas
and Friends some fluffy little bunnies
and another Hello Kitty don't forget to
subscribe for more daily videos